Hi everybody and welcome to the conceptual problem set here.
So I've got a whole series of problems.
The first part includes just power supplies and resistors or light bulbs and in the second part there
are seven questions based on adding capacitors in there and more conceptual style problems.
Although their conceptual style problems feel free to write down equations and use what you learned
to try to figure out what the answer is.
In most cases you can assume that the power supplies of the batteries are ideal.
However I think there's two problems.
Five and six that you may have to include a tiny internal resistance because you might find that if
you apply Kirchoff's rules and you try to argue you're going to run into a few problems and you know
you'll see the solutions later on.
Good luck with these problems folks.
Again if you have any questions or leave a comment maybe I'll try to explain it slightly differently
than what I did in the video.
OK.
Good luck guys.